Information regarding dataset :
  -- All the patients suffered heart attacks at some point in the past.
     Some are still alive and some are not.  The survival and still-alive
     variables, when taken together, indicate whether a patient survived
     for at least one year following the heart attack.  

     The problem addressed by past researchers was to predict from the 
     other variables whether or not the patient will survive at least
     one year.  The most difficult part of this problem is correctly
     predicting that the patient will NOT survive.  (Part of the difficulty
     seems to be the size of the data set.)

Number of Instances: 132

Number of Attributes: 13 (all numeric-valued)

Attribute Information:
   1. survival -- the number of months patient survived (has survived,
                  if patient is still alive).  Because all the patients
                  had their heart attacks at different times, it is 
                  possible that some patients have survived less than
                  one year but they are still alive.  Check the second
                  variable to confirm this.  Such patients cannot be 
                  used for the prediction task mentioned above.
 
   2. age-at-heart-attack -- age in years when heart attack occurred

   3. pericardial-effusion -- binary. Pericardial effusion is fluid
                              around the heart.  0=no fluid, 1=fluid
   4. fractional-shortening -- a measure of contracility around the heart
                               lower numbers are increasingly abnormal
   5. epss -- E-point septal separation, another measure of contractility.  
              Larger numbers are increasingly abnormal.
   6. lvdd -- left ventricular end-diastolic dimension.  This is
              a measure of the size of the heart at end-diastole.
              Large hearts tend to be sick hearts.
   7. wall-motion-score -- a measure of how the segments of the left
                           ventricle are moving
   8. wall-motion-index -- equals wall-motion-score divided by number of
                           segments seen.  Usually 12-13 segments are seen
                           in an echocardiogram.  Use this variable INSTEAD
                           of the wall motion score.

   9. alive-at-1 -- Boolean-valued. Derived from the first two attributes.
                     0 means patient was either dead after 1 year or had
                     been followed for less than 1 year.  1 means patient 
                     was alive at 1 year.This data has been used as Target(Label) in our
                     program,which means that all the data from survival to mult has been 
                     added in training set and all the values in this alive-at-1 
                     has been used as label for data in training set.
 

